Laws and Regulatory Compliance
Data Roles and Responsibilities
Data Retention and Disposal
Privacy Impact Assessment
What Next?
Glossary of Essential Terms and Components
Index

About the Author
Marty M. Weiss has spent most of his career in
information security and risk management, helping large
organizations. Marty holds a bachelor of science degree
in computer studies from the University of Maryland
University College and an MBA from the Isenberg School
of Management at the University of Massachusetts
Amherst. He holds several certifications, including
CISSP, CISA, and Security+. Marty has authored and
coauthored more than a half-dozen books on
information technology, many that have been described
as riveting and Dostoevsky-esque in reviews by his
mother. A Florida native, he now lives in New England.

Dedication
This book is dedicated to my parents.

Acknowledgments
Thank you, the reader of this book. It’s a pleasure to help
others achieve a goal, and I’m thankful for that
opportunity. Thank you to the entire team that helped to
bring this book together. I’d like to acknowledge, in
particular, Carole Jelen, Nancy Davis, Ellie Bru, Chris
Crayton, Mandie Frank, and Kitty Wilson. Also, thank
you, Diane Barrett. While you weren’t directly involved
in this edition, many of your words and ideas exist from
previous editions. Finally, thank you to my friends and
family for their support and understanding through the
entire process.

About the Technical Reviewer
Chris Crayton is a technical consultant, trainer,
author, and industry-leading technical editor. He has
worked as a computer technology and networking
instructor, information security director, network
administrator, network engineer, and PC specialist. Chris
has authored several print and online books on PC
repair, CompTIA A+, CompTIA Security+, and Microsoft
Windows. He has also served as technical editor and
content contributor on numerous technical titles for
several of the leading publishing companies. He holds
numerous industry certifications, has been recognized
with many professional and teaching awards, and has
served as a state-level SkillsUSA final competition judge.

We Want to Hear from You!
As the reader of this book, you are our most important
critic and commentator. We value your opinion and want
to know what we’re doing right, what we could do better,
what areas you’d like to see us publish in, and any other
words of wisdom you’re willing to send our way.
We welcome your comments. You can email or write to
let us know what you did or didn’t like about this book—
as well as what we can do to make our books better.
Please note that we cannot help you with technical
problems related to the topic of this book.
When you write, please be sure to include this book’s title
and author as well as your name and email address. We
will carefully review your comments and share them with
the author and editors who worked on the book.
Email: community@informit.com

Reader Services
Register your copy of CompTIA Security+ SY0-601
Exam Cram at www.pearsonitcertification.com for
convenient access to downloads, updates, and
corrections as they become available. To start the
registration process, go to
www.pearsonitcertification.com/register and log in or
create an account.* Enter the product ISBN
9780136798675 and click Submit. When the process is
complete, you will find any available bonus c